The Git Times — Friday, July 10, 2026
Unicity Sphere Unifies Wallet, Chat, and AI Agents in One Web3 Platform
Dual-layer wallet and Connect protocol enable seamless dApp interactions and agent-driven workflows
AI: n8n's AI Workflow Platform Adds State Preservation in Editor Handoff
Robotics: ROS image_pipeline bridges raw camera data to vision workflows
Cyber: OpenCTI Adds XTM One MCP Server Integration for Threat Intel Workflows
Systems: Bun 1.3.14 Sharpens JavaScript Toolchain with Faster Installs
DIY: ElatoAI Adds Cloudflare Voice Agents for Global ESP32 Toys
GameDev: MonoGame 3.8.4.1 Fixes iOS Policy Blocks, Paves Way for .NET 9
"We shape our tools, and thereafter our tools shape us."
Read today's edition — gittimes.com